Results and Discussion section
First of all, when we separate the city of Manchester into neighborhoods, we can easily understand which locations are suitable for investment. It is not difficult to guess that factors such as proximity to the center and ease of access play a role here.

On the other hand, with 'cluster label', we can make our analysis over the same effects. The five clusters we have produced will clearly tell us what kind of characteristics of which locations are also introduced. Accordingly, if the investment is made, it will be easy to estimate the basic characteristics of the customer base according to these locations.

Conclusion
We clustered Manchester neighborhoods in order to recommend venues and the current average price of real estate where homebuyers can make a real estate investment. We recommended profitable venues according to amenities and essential facilities surrounding such venues.

First, we gathered data on Manchester properties and the relative price paid data were extracted from the HM Land Registry (http://landregistry.data.gov.uk/). Moreover, to explore and target recommended locations across different venues according to the presence of amenities and essential facilities, we accessed data through FourSquare API interface and arranged them as a data frame for visualization. By merging data on Manchester properties and the relative price paid data from the HM Land Registry and data on amenities and essential facilities surrounding such properties from FourSquare API interface, we were able to recommend profitable real estate investments.

Second, The Methodology section comprised four stages:

Collect Inspection Data
Explore and Understand Data
Data preparation and preprocessing
Modeling. In particular, in the modeling section, we used the k-means clustering technique as it is fast and efficient in terms of computational cost, is highly flexible to account for mutations in real estate market in Manchester and is accurate.
Finally, we discussed our results under two main perspectives. First, we examined them according to neighborhoods/Manchester areas. Although West Manchester (Ferrous Way - Cluster 1), South-West of central Manchester (MARSHALL STEVENS WAY - Cluster 0) and In two locations in central Manchester (CHEETHAM HILL ROAD - Cluster 0 , NEW WAKEFIELD STREET - Cluster 4) might be considered highly profitable venues to purchase a real estate according to amenities and essential facilities surrounding such venues. Accordingly, one might target under-priced real estates in these areas of Manchester in order to make a business affair. Second, we analyzed our results according to the five clusters we produced. While Clusters 0, 1 may target home buyers prone to live in 'green' areas with parks, waterfronts, Clusters 2,3 and 4 may target individuals who love pubs, restaurant and gym.